Acrolinx 1/15/20 (#16700)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/develop-asp-net-core-mvc-apps.md

A Razor Page’s page model combines the responsibilities of an MVC controller and a viewmodel. Instead of handling requests with controller action methods, page model handlers like "OnGet()" are executed, rendering their associated page by default. Razor Pages simplifies the process of building individual pages in an ASP.NET Core app, while still providing all the architectural features of ASP.NET Core MVC. They're a good default choice for new page-based functionality.

### When to use MVC

> If you’re building web APIs, the MVC pattern makes more sense than trying to use Razor Pages. If your project will only expose web API endpoints, you should ideally start from the Web API project template, but otherwise it’s easy to add controllers and associated API endpoints to any ASP.NET Core app. Use the view-based MVC approach if you’re migrating an existing application from ASP.NET MVC 5 or earlier to ASP.NET Core MVC and you want to do so with the least amount of effort. Once you’ve made the initial migration, you can evaluate whether it makes sense to adopt Razor Pages for new features or even as a wholesale migration.

Reviewer: would it read better if we broke that sentence as it says but otherwise?
That sentence still looks a bit incomplete to me though. If probably means that if you don't start from the template, you can still add the controllers to any ap. 

```suggestion
If you’re building web APIs, the MVC pattern makes more sense than trying to use Razor Pages. If your project will only expose web API endpoints, you should ideally start from the Web API project template. Otherwise, it’s easy to add controllers and associated API endpoints to any ASP.NET Core app. Use the view-based MVC approach if you’re migrating an existing application from ASP.NET MVC 5 or earlier to ASP.NET Core MVC and you want to do so with the least amount of effort. Once you’ve made the initial migration, you can evaluate whether it makes sense to adopt Razor Pages for new features or even as a wholesale migration.
```

> Whether you choose to build your web app using Razor Pages or MVC views, your app will have similar performance and will include support for dependency injection, filters, model binding, and validation, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you choose to build your web app using Razor Pages or MVC views, your app will have similar performance and will include support for dependency injection, filters, model binding, validation, and so on.
```
